WELCOME ONE AND ALL TO
"THE LATE SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST, STEPHEN COLBERT.
IT IS--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
I FEEL EXACTLY THE SAME WAY.
IT'S ELECTION NIGHT, AND THE
LATE SHOW IS LIVE!
EVERYTHING--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
EVERYTHING-- EVERYTHING YOU SEE
RIGHT NOW IS HAPPENING IN REAL
TIME.
TO PROVE IT, I SENT AN INTERN TO
PICK UP THE VERY LATEST EDITION
OF "THE NEW YORK TIMES," AND
HERE'S THE HEADLINE:
"IT IS 11:36 AND 42 SECONDS P.M.
EASTERN STANDARD TIME."
THERE YOU GO.
THAT PROVES IT.
NOW, WE WILL-- WE WILL KEEP YOU
COMPLETELY UP TO DATE WITH THIS
LIVE CBS NEWS TICKER AT THE
BOTTOM OF OUR SCREEN.
OH, HEY, LOOK AT THAT ONE.
ISN'T THAT A HUMDINGER?
I IMAGINE.
I CAN'T READ THE TICKER
BECAUSE IT'S FACING TO YOU.
MANY OF THE RACES HAVE NOT BEEN
CALLED YET, RIGHT.
WE HAVE A LOT STILL NOT CALLED.
BUT WITH 100% OF FOX NEWS
REPORTING, THE DEMOCRATS
WILL TAKE CONTROL OF THE HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THERE IT IS OPINION HA-HA-HA!
NICE.
THAT'S SWEET.
OKAY.
SO, HERE WE HAVE IT.
THAT'S THE FIRST NEWS OF THE
EVENING.
DEMOCRATS CONTROL THE HOUSE!
THEY CAN NOW OPEN INVESTIGATIONS
INTO THE PRESIDENT.
AND WE'LL FINALLY FIND OUT IF
DONALD TRUMP HAS EVER DONE
ANYTHING UNETHICAL.
THAT'S THE BANNER HEADLINE OF
THE EVENING-- DEMOCRATS TAKE
HOUSE."
EVERYTHING AFTER THIS IS JUST
GRAVY.
THE DEMOCRATS HAVE TAKEN CONTROL
OF HALF OF ONE OF THE THREE
BRANCHES OF GOVERNMENT.
(  LAUGHTER  )
ALL THE G.O.P. HAS IS THE OTHER
HALF OF CONGRESS, THE SUPREME
COURT, AND A PRESIDENT WHO DOES
WHATEVER HE WANTS.
SO, SO FAR, TONIGHT'S FEELING
IS...
(  LAUGHTER  )
YES.
ALL, ALL-- YES.
( APPLAUSE )
IT'S A HOT ONE!
THANK YOU, CITIZEN.
NOW, APPARENTLY, VOTERS
RESPONDED TO THE DEMOCRATS' CALL
TO EXPAND HERE,
MORE THAN TRUMP'S MESSAGE:
"LATINOS ARE COMING TO HIT YOU
IN THE FACE WITH ROCKS!"
THIS VICTORY MEANS THE RETURN TO
POWER OF PRESUMED SPEAKER OF THE
HOUSE AND WOMAN TREATING HERSELF
TO TWO CALCIUM CHEWS TONIGHT,
NANCY PELOSI.
(  LAUGHTER  )
YOU LIVE IT UP, NANCY!
( CHEERS )
YOU GO, GIRL!
THIS IS THE CRAZIEST PART.
THIS IS HOW AMERICA FIND OUT.
AROUND 9:30, WHEN ONLY 98 OF THE
435 HOUSE SEATS HAD BEEN
CALLED, SUDDENLY, ON FOX NEWS,
THIS HAPPENED:
>> WE ARE NOW READY TO MAKE ONE
OF THE BIGGEST CALLS OF THE
NIGHT.
THE FOX NEWS DECISION DESK CAN
NOW PROJECT THE DEMOCRATS WILL
TAKE CONTROL OF THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES FOR THE FIRST
TIME IN EIGHT YEARS, DEALING A
MAJOR SETBACK TO PRESIDENT
TRUMP'S LEGISLATIVE AGENDA.
>> Stephen: WAIT A SECOND.
IS TRUMP RIGHT?
IS FOX THE ONLY NON-FAKE NEWS?
(  LAUGHTER  )
ARE WE IN THE UPSIDE DOWN?
IS THE NEW SENATE MAJORITY
LEADER THE DEMIGORGEN?
AND DO WE HAVE RESULTS.
WE HAVE RESULTS.
IN WEST VIRGINIA, DEMOCRATIC
INCUMBENT JOE MANCHIN HAS
DEFEATED REPUBLICAN PATRICK
MORRISSEY.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
MANCHIN CELEBRATED HIS VICTORY
BY SAYING, "WAIT, I'M A
DEMOCRAT?"
(LAUGHTER)
IN THE TENNESSEE RACE FOR SENATE
REPUBLICAN MARSHA BLACKBURN
DEFEATED DEMOCRAT PHIL BREDESEN,
DESPITE BREDESEN RECEIVING AN
ENDORSEMENT FROM TAYLOR SWIFT.
I GUESS TAY-TAY DIDN'T HAVE THAT
MUCH SWAY-SWAY.
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND BLACKBURN'S SUPPORT FOR THE
TRUMP ADMINISTRAY-STRAY
EVENTUALLY OUTWEIGH-WEIGHED
BREDESEN'S SUPPORT FOR HIGHER
TEACHER PAY-PAY, AT THE END OF
THE DAY-DAY.
DEMOCRATIC RISING STAR, NEW YORK
SENATOR KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND, HAS
EASILY WON REELECTION TO THE
SENATE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
HUGE TURN OUT IN NEW YORK, EVEN
THOUGH IT WAS RAINING VERY
HEAVILY HERE IN THE CITY.
I SURE HOPE THE INK ON HER LAWN
SIGNS IS PERMANENT AND WON'T GET
WASHED-- THERE YOU GO.
THAT MAKES SENSE.
AND IN JERSEY'S SENATE RACE,
DEMOCRAT BOB MENENDEZ, WHO WAS
INDICTED--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
INDICTED FOR CORRUPTION AND
ACCUSED OF UNDERAGE
PROSTITUTION, HAS DEFEATED
CHALLENGER BOB HUGIN, PROVING
YOU CANNOT KEEP A GOOD MAN DOWN.
OR BOB MENENDEZ.
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE DEVIL
YOU KNOW.
(  LAUGHTER  )
IN THE CONNECTICUT SENATE RACE,
INCUMBENT CHRIS MURPHY HAS
EASILY DEFEATED REPUBLICAN
CHALLENGER MATTHEW COREY.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
SO CHRIS MURPHY CAN GET BACK TO
FOCUSING ON THE VERY IMPORTANT
WORK OF NO ONE KNOWING WHO HE
IS.
AND RHODE ISLAND DEMOCRAT
SHELDON WHITEHOUSE HAS DEFEATED
REPUBLICAN BOB FLANDERS.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
I GOTTA TELL YOU, THIS KIND--
THIS KIND OF ELECTION MOMENTUM
IS SURE TO PUT WHITEHOUSE ON THE
PATH TO WORKING IN THE SENATE.
(  LAUGHTER  )
OF COURSE, IF HE'D LOST, HE HAD
A BACKUP PLAN:  STARRING ON THE
NEW CBS SHOW "63-YEAR-OLD
SHELDON."
THIS FALL.
ANY VERMONT LEFTIES OUT THERE,
PUT YOUR BONG FULL OF MAPLE
SYRUP DOWN.
BECAUSE VOTERS DELIVERED A
RESOUNDING RE-ELECTION VICTORY
TO VERMONT SENATOR BERNIE
SANDERS.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
PUT THAT BACK UP, JIM.
SANDERS EASILY DEFEATED HIS
OPPONENT:  A COMB.
(  LAUGHTER  )
IN THE RESULTS -- DO WE HAVE THE
RESULTS NOW.
HERE ARE THE NUMBERS IN THE
RESULTS.
IN THE FINAL RESULTS, BERNIE
WON.
(AS BERNIE)
"70% OF THE BOTTOM 50%, WHILE
THE TOP .01% PERCENT GAVE 30%
OF THEIR DONATIONS TO .0001 OF
THE CANDIDATES.
IT'S A NATIONAL DISGRACE.
I'M HONORED."
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
AND I AM GETTING BREAKING NEWS
OF ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT
RACES IN THE COUNTRY.
CBS NEWS CAN NOW CONFIRM THAT
IDRIS ELBA HAS BEEN NAMED
"PEOPLE'S" "SEXIEST MAN ALIVE."
I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING.
DID YOU CALL THAT?
DID WE-- DID NOT SEE THAT
COMING.
IT'S A HARSH REPUDIATION OF THE
INCUMBENT, BLAKE SHELTON, WHOSE
VICTORY LAST YEAR SENT
SHOCKWAVES THROUGH THE SEXY
COMMUNITY.
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND THIS IS EXCITING.
ON TONIGHT'S "LATE SHOW," IF
THERE'S ANY BREAKING RESULTS,
CBS NEWS WILL INTERRUPT THIS
BROADCAST TO BRING THEM TO YOU
LIVE, OKAY.
IN VIRGINIA, FORMER V.P.
CANDIDATE TIM KAINE HAS DEFEATED
REPUBLICAN COREY STEWART.
( APPLAUSE )
CONGRATULATIONS, CONGRATULATIONS
TO SENATOR KAINE ON WINNING AN
ELECTION.
BUT I DO HAVE TO ASK-- DID IT
HAVE TO BE THIS ONE.
AND I'M BEING TOLD THAT CBS HAS
SOME BREAKING NEWS FROM
LOUISIANA!
LET'S GO THERE LIVE.
>> APOLOGIES FOR THE
INTERRUPTION, STEPHEN, BUT WE
HAVE A MAJOR DEVELOPMENT THAT
CANNOT WAIT.
>> Stephen: SCOTT BAKULA?
>> I DON'T KNOW WHO THAT IS.
THIS SPECIAL AGENT DWAYNE PRIDE,
REPORTING FROM NCIS: NEW
ORLEANS."
WE HAVE BREAKING NEWS ABOUT THE
BODY WE FOUND IN THE CHEMICAL
TANK OUT BY THE WETLANDS.
TURNS OUT IT BELONGED TO A MAN
NAMED YEOMAN BENNETT WHO WAS ON
HIS WAY TO AN UNDERGROUND POKER
GAME, RUN BY A MYSTERIOUS WOMAN
KNOWN ONLY AS "MADAME SCORPION."
(  LAUGHTER  )
>> Stephen: THAT'S REALLY NOT
THE KIND OF BREAKING NEWS THIS
SYSTEM IS FOR.
DO YOU HAVE ANY ACTUAL ELECTION
UPDATES?
>> YES, STEPHEN.
WITH 100% OF NCIS FIELD AGENTS
REPORTING, WE ARE NOW ABLE TO
PROJECT THAT THE CITY OF NEW
ORLEANS HAS GONE RED...
WITH BLOOD.
BACK TO YOU, STEPHEN.
>> Stephen: THANK YOU, AGENT
PRIDE.
TURNOUT WAS HUGE ALL OVER THE
COUNTRY.
THERE WERE LONG LINES DOWN IN
GEORGIA, HERE IN NEW YORK,
TEXAS, ARIZONA, AND KEN-DUCKY.
SOME POLLING PLACES SEEM TO HAVE
BEEN CAUGHT OFF GUARD BY THE
LARGE CROWDS.
LIKE IN FIERCELY CONTESTED
GEORGIA, WHERE VOTING WAS HALTED
IN ONE LOCATION BECAUSE THE
VOTING MACHINES WERE RUNNING ON
BATTERY AND THE BATTERY RAN OUT.
SORRY, ANCESTORS WHO FOUGHT AND
DIED FOR OUR RIGHT TO VOTE.
ALAN FORGOT TO BRING A
CHARGER.
(  LAUGHTER  )
"UH, I HAD TO CHARGE MY PHONE.
I WAS PLAYING CLASH OF CLANS."
AND UP IN NORTH CAROLINA, THE
STATE BOARD OF ELECTIONS SAID
HUMIDITY APPEARS TO BE CAUSING
DIFFICULTIES IN FEEDING
BALLOTS THROUGH TABULATORS.
ISN'T THAT KIND OF AN 1890s
PROBLEM?
"WE CAN'T COUNT THE VOTES!
THE PATH'S TOO MUDDY FOR
THE HORSES TO PULL THE BALLOT
BOXES UP TO THE COUNTING SILO!"
(  LAUGHTER  )
EVEN EARLY VOTING, EARLY VOTING
TODAY WAS MASSIVE.
ACCORDING TO THE A.P.
"BASED ON REPORTS FROM 50
STATES, AT LEAST 39.4 MILLION
PEOPLE VOTED EARLY," WHICH
"EXCEEDS THE 2014 EARLY VOTE."
AHHH, THE 2014 MIDTERMS FEEL SO
LONG AGO.
WHAT WERE WE EVEN VOTING ON BACK
THEN, WHETHER TO ADD BLUE M&M'S?
LEGALIZING CONSCIOUS UNCOUPLING?
I CAN'T REMEMBER.
THESE MIDTERMS ARE SO HUGE, THAT
EVEN TRUMP WASN'T EXAGGERATING
WHEN HE SAID THIS AT HIS RALLY
LAST NIGHT:
>> YOU KNOW, THE MIDTERM
ELECTIONS USED TO BE LIKE
BORING, DIDN'T THEY?
DO YOU EVEN REMEMBER WHAT THEY
WERE?
PEOPLE SAID "MIDTERMS,' THEY
SAID "WHAT IS THAT?
WHAT IS IT?"
RIGHT?
NOW IT'S LIKE THE HOTTEST THING.
>> Stephen: GEE, I WONDER WHY.
(  LAUGHTER  )
(AS TRUMP)
"I TELL YOU, IT USED TO BE SO
UNPOPULAR TO RUN SCREAMING OUT
OF THE POOL, BUT AS SOON AS I
POOPED IN IT, IT'S ALL THE
RAGE."
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
"YOU'RE WELCOME.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
THERE IT GOES."
OF COURSE, IT WOULDN'T BE VOTING
DAY, IF THERE WEREN'T MILLIONS
OF PEOPLE POSTING PHOTOS OF
THEMSELVES ON INSTAGRAM WEARING
AN "I VOTED" STICKER.
BECAUSE IN 2018, GRAMMING AN "I
VOTED" SELFIE IS ON FLEEK.
IF "ON FLEEK" IS STILL ON FLEEK?
NO?
VOTING IS BAE?
(  LAUGHTER  )
IT'S TOTES VENMO?
IS VOTING "THANK U NEXT?"
SOMEONE JUST TELL ME WHAT TO
SAY, BECAUSE-- SO MY MOUTH SEEMS
YOUNGER THAN MY FACE.
SENATE MAJORITY LEADER MITCH
MCCONELL VOTED TODAY, AND THIS
GUY PHOTOBOMBED HIM WITH
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THUMBSDOWN.
I GOTTA SAY-- COULD HAVE BEEN
WORSE.
MANY PEOPLE WOULD HAVE GIVEN
MITCH A DIFFERENT FINGER.
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.